c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\bin\Debug\Grading_System.exe
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\bin\Debug\Grading_System.pdb
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.exe
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.pdb
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\bin\Debug\Grading_System.exe.config
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.Login.resources
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\bin\Debug\DatabaseUser.mdf
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\bin\Debug\DatabaseUser_log.ldf
c:\users\bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.Registration.resources
C:\Users\Bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.DashBoard.resources
C:\Users\Bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.Updateprofile.resources
C:\Users\Bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.CreateRecord.resources
C:\Users\Bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.DeleteRecord.resources
C:\Users\Bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.InsertRecord.resources
C:\Users\Bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.Records.resources
C:\Users\Bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.DeleteStudentRecord.resources
C:\Users\Bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.UpdateStudentRecord.resources
C:\Users\Bhushan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Grading_System\Grading_System\obj\x86\Debug\Grading_System.About.resources
